[Music]
[Applause]
we're ball sources they came home to no
light not having food in the
refrigerator not having a refrigerator
at all but when income asset prices all
those things are you raised out of their
mind
so they can make it through life well
that's crazy
governor Jesus Sabbath we making music
with all body
my mother is annoying and I just like
mom that's a sometimes I'm kind of an
introvert
I'm just everything that stuff is not
I'm not very dramatic but all those
words come out of knew and I said my
mission is to make sure each and every
one of you graduates from couples are
these range of X Y is the best team get
your best and I don't and shine cool is
what got me out of Brooklyn College is
what's going to get you out of both
a lot our children our Lord they have no
one I feel it was my obligation to help
them I'm willing to work because this is
not it's not the first time the college
they're not I don't want to have to live
like this so I'm going to work my
hardest to make it not happen in my life
I like to people inside of me that I
struggle with every day one is
unstoppable that can do anything
and the other is she feels lost and
stuck if we don't come together this
girl is not gonna make it lady
this is way bigger than sexting it's
about not making excuses we are making
sacrifices having a positive attitude
neither can you
when you're first
that's popping if you come together with
a group of powerful pinyin the impact
will be
we've been here today on the precipice
of the future
[Music]
that is life
I'm